Improve GHCup-00841 (#379)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHCup-00841/index.md

[ Error ] Also check the logs in /home/hasufell/.ghcup/logs
```

> For more information, see the list of [system requirements per platform](https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/#system-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further troubleshooting information, see the list of [system requirements per platform](https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/#system-requirements).
```

I think this would make people more likely to click it if they're still having trouble.

Reviewer: Or even:
```suggestion
For further troubleshooting information and setup and installation instructions, see the list of [system requirements per platform](https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/#system-requirements).
```
